[cloud-provider-yandex][docs] Setting custom storageclass as default FAQ (#6253)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/030-cloud-provider-yandex/docs/FAQ.md

If the dhcpOptions parameter is set, all DNS are routed to the DNS servers specified. These DNS servers **must** serve DNS requests to the Internet and (if needed) resolve intranet resources.

**Do not use** this option if the recursive DNSs specified cannot resolve the same list of zones that the recursive DNSs in the Yandex Cloud subnet can resolve.

> ## How to set custom StorageClass as default?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to set a custom StorageClass as default?
```

> Do the following steps to set a custom StorageClass as default:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do the following to set a custom StorageClass as default:
```

1. Add `storageclass.kubernetes.io/is-default-class='true'` annotation to the StorageClass:

   ```shell
   kubectl annotate sc $STORAGECLASS storageclass.kubernetes.io/is-default-class='true'
   ```

> 2. Specify the StorageClass name in the [storageClass.default](configuration.html#parameters-storageclass-default) parameter in the `cloud-provider-yandex` module settings. Note that after that, the `storageclass.kubernetes.io/is-default-class='true'` annotation will be removed from the StorageClass, which was previously specified in the module settings as the default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Specify the StorageClass name in the [storageClass.default](configuration.html#parameters-storageclass-default) parameter in the `cloud-provider-yandex` module settings. Note that after doing so, the `storageclass.kubernetes.io/is-default-class='true'` annotation will be removed from the StorageClass that was previously listed in the module settings as the default one.
```
